Day 1

Use this template to generate your repo.
Create a database named vet_clinic.
Create a table named animals with the following columns:
id: integer
name: string
date_of_birth: date
escape_attempts: integer
neutered: boolean
weight_kg: decimal
Copy the SQL you used in the previous point into the schema.sql file in the generated repository.
Insert the following data:
Animal: His name is Agumon. He was born on Feb 3rd, 2020, and currently weighs 10.23kg. He was neutered and he has never tried to escape.
Animal: Her name is Gabumon. She was born on Nov 15th, 2018, and currently weighs 8kg. She is neutered and she has tried to escape 2 times.
Animal: His name is Pikachu. He was born on Jan 7th, 2021, and currently weighs 15.04kg. He was not neutered and he has tried to escape once.
Animal: Her name is Devimon. She was born on May 12th, 2017, and currently weighs 11kg. She is neutered and she has tried to escape 5 times.
Copy the SQL you used in the previous point into the data.sql file in the generated repository.

Write queries for the following quests:

Find all animals whose name ends in "mon".

List the name of all animals born between 2016 and 2019.

List the name of all animals that are neutered and have less than 3 escape attempts.

List the date of birth of all animals named either "Agumon" or "Pikachu".

List name and escape attempts of animals that weigh more than 10.5kg

Find all animals that are neutered.

Find all animals not named Gabumon.

Find all animals with a weight between 10.4kg and 17.3kg (including the animals with the weights that equals precisely 10.4kg or 17.3kg)

Take a screenshot of the results of your queries.

Copy the SQL you used in the previous point into the queries.sql file in the generated repository.
Remember to add the screenshot with the results of your queries to your Pull Request description.




Day 2
Add a column species of type string to your animals table. Modify your schema.sql file.
Insert the following data:
Animal: His name is Charmander. He was born on Feb 8th, 2020, and currently weighs -11kg. He is not neutered and he has never tried to escape.
Animal: Her name is Plantmon. She was born on Nov 15th, 2021, and currently weighs -5.7kg. She is neutered and she has tried to escape 2 times.
Animal: His name is Squirtle. He was born on Apr 2nd, 1993, and currently weighs -12.13kg. He was not neutered and he has tried to escape 3 times.
Animal: His name is Angemon. He was born on Jun 12th, 2005, and currently weighs -45kg. He is neutered and he has tried to escape once.
Animal: His name is Boarmon. He was born on Jun 7th, 2005, and currently weighs 20.4kg. He is neutered and he has tried to escape 7 times.
Animal: Her name is Blossom. She was born on Oct 13th, 1998, and currently weighs 17kg. She is neutered and she has tried to escape 3 times.
Animal: His name is Ditto. He was born on May 14th, 2022, and currently weighs 22kg. He is neutered and he has tried to escape 4 times.
Remember to add these insertions to your data.sql file.
Inside a transaction update the animals table by setting the species column to unspecified. Verify that change was made. Then roll back the change and verify that the species columns went back to the state before the transaction.
Inside a transaction:
Update the animals table by setting the species column to digimon for all animals that have a name ending in mon.
Update the animals table by setting the species column to pokemon for all animals that don't have species already set.
Commit the transaction.
Verify that change was made and persists after commit.
Take a screenshot of the results of your actions.
Now, take a deep breath and... Inside a transaction delete all records in the animals table, then roll back the transaction.
After the rollback verify if all records in the animals table still exists. After that, you can start breathing as usual ;)
Take a screenshot of the results of your actions.
Inside a transaction:
Delete all animals born after Jan 1st, 2022.
Create a savepoint for the transaction.
Update all animals' weight to be their weight multiplied by -1.
Rollback to the savepoint
Update all animals' weights that are negative to be their weight multiplied by -1.
Commit transaction
Take a screenshot of the results of your actions.
Remember to add all these transactions to your queries.sql file.
Write queries to answer the following questions:
How many animals are there?
How many animals have never tried to escape?
What is the average weight of animals?
Who escapes the most, neutered or not neutered animals?
What is the minimum and maximum weight of each type of animal?
What is the average number of escape attempts per animal type of those born between 1990 and 2000?
Take a screenshot of the results of your queries.
Remember to add these queries to your queries.sql file.
Remember to add screenshots with the results of your queries and with the results of your play with transactions to your Pull Request description.